= toothbrush

Useful stuff for testing with Capybara.

== Install

Add to your gemfile:

    gem 'toothbrush', group: :test

Add the file spec/support/toothbrush.rb with this content:

    RSpec.configure do |config|
      config.include Toothbrush::Helpers
    end

== Usage

For now, the only feature is ``ensure_table``.

In an integration/acceptance/whatever test using Capybara, you can ensure the
contents of a table:

    ensure_table '#football-clubs-from-rio-de-janeiro-and-their-honors',
      %w(   Club     World  Libertadores  Brasileiro  Brasil  Carioca ),
      [%w( Flamengo    1          1            6         2       32   ),
       %w( Vasco       0          1            4         1       22   ),
       %w( Fluminense  0          0            3         1       30   ),
       %w( Botafogo    0          0            1         0       19   )]

The arguments are the CSS selector for the table, an array with the table headers and
a two-dimensional array including the table content. As the example above shows,
code layout can be arranged in order to seem like a table.


== Contributing to toothbrush

* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet.
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it.
* Fork the project.
* Start a feature/bugfix branch.
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution.
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2012 Rodrigo Manhães. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.
